Move section on indented strings after string interpolation (#1030)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/nix-language.md

<!-- TODO: link to escaping rules -->

(indented-strings)=
### Indented strings

Also known as “multi-line strings”.

The Nix language offers convenience syntax for character strings which span multiple lines that have common indentation.

Indented strings are denoted by *double single quotes* (`'' ''`).

Example:

```{code-block} nix
:class: expression
''
multi
line
string
''
```

```{code-block}
:class: value
"multi\nline\nstring\n"
```

Equal amounts of prepended white space are trimmed from the result.

Example:

```{code-block} nix
:class: expression
''
  one
   two
    three
''
```

```{code-block}
:class: value
"one\n two\n  three\n"
```

:::{note}

> Indented strings also support [string interpolation](string-interpolation). See the section on Nix's [`string`](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/stable/language/values#type-string) type in the [Nix manual](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/stable/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indented strings also support [string interpolation](string-interpolation).
For details check the [documentation on string literals in the Nix language](https://nix.dev/manual/nix/2.24/language/syntax#string-literal).
```

:::

> <!-- TODO: See [escaping rules](). -->
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The relevant content has been added, and happens to live exactly under the new link.
